# Project Development Log

- Week of 11/22/2020:
This week was Fall Break and it was the first week of our project development. During this week, we created the basic necessary files such as the Catch test suite and basic file I/O code, and we copied our OpenFlights dataset into the dataset folder of this repository. We also began talking about how to approach the implementation of our project, such as what should be nodes and edges in our graph data structure implementation. We decided on airports being the nodes, routes being the edges, and the distance between the airports as our weight.
- Week of 11/29/2020:
During this week, we were able to simplify our dataset so that it doesn't contain irrelevant or duplicate information (see [dataset_README.md](dataset/dataset_README.md)). We also finished writing the code that allows us to parse this file and create the graph data structure needed to run our algorithms: Prim's, BFS, and A*. With that finished, our group has begun writing the code to run these algorithms on our graph to achieve our stated project goals.
- Week of 12/6/2020:
This week is where we did a majority of our development on the project with respect to our graph implentation and algorithms. On the 7th we finished coding our basic graph data structure that the project will be utilizing. On the 8th we started working on the Prims algorithm and finished it on the 9th. Soon after hitting this milestone, we hit a major roadblock due to the complexity of the A* algorithm. After some thorough discussions we decided it would be best to replace the A* with Landmark Path instead. The output for each of the algorithms were stored in a text file upon running the finalproj exectuable. Finally, on the 11th we recorded our video presentation of our project on Zoom.